---
description: Signals are the smallest unit of information within Audience Manager. They represent user interactions or user activity on your online properties, and get passed on to Audience Manager to be used in trait rules.
seo-description: Signals are the smallest unit of information within Audience Manager. They represent user interactions or user activity on your online properties, and get passed on to Audience Manager to be used in trait rules.
seo-title: Understanding Signals
title: Understanding Signals
uuid: 04a0554e-954e-484a-8838-9161ef416872
---

# Understanding Signals

Signals are the smallest unit of information within Audience Manager. They represent user interactions or user activity on your on-line properties, and get passed on to Audience Manager to be used in trait rules.

[!DNL Audience Manager] uses key-value pairs to represent signals. For instance, the following signal could indicate that a visitor has reached a web page containing electronics:

* `page = electronics`

The [Signals Dashboard](../../features/data-explorer/data-explorer-signals-dashboard.md#concept_5E4B0FB02D8F4F3DAA5B6F8CF9A4E4C2) shows you multiple types of signal attributes that you can use to create new traits. Here's a detailed view of the available signal properties:

* *Key-value pair* shows you the key-value pair of the signal received by [!DNL Audience Manager].
* *Signal type* describes the category of each signal. Signals fall into one of the following categories:
  * [Actionable log files](/help/using/integration/media-data-integration/actionable-log-files.md): real-time signals received from your media performance log files;
  * [!DNL Adobe Analytics]: real-time signals received from your [!DNL Adobe Analytics] account;
  * General on-line data: real-time data generated by your audience activity and not included in actionable log files and [!DNL Adobe Analytics];
  * On-boarded records: data received through batch data transfers.
* *Signal Source* depends on the signal type:
  * For on-boarded signals, the signal source is the data source name.
  * For signals originating from [!DNL Adobe Analytics], the data source will always be a report suite.
  * For actionable log files and general on-line data, no signal source information is displayed.
* *Total Counts* shows you the total number of times a real-time signal was received by [!DNL Audience Manager] in the past 7 days.
* *Included in Traits* shows you whether the signal is part of any trait. Click the arrow to see the traits that include the corresponding signal. For signals that are not part of any trait, the column value changes to [!UICONTROL Create Onboarded Trait] or [!UICONTROL Create Rule-Based Trait].

## Signal Data Refresh Frequency

Due to the large amount of data that Audience Manager processes on a daily basis, [!UICONTROL Data Explorer] refreshes the displayed signal data at fixed time intervals, depending on the signal type:

* Real-time signal data (actionable log files, [!DNL Adobe Analytics] data, and general on-line data) is refreshed every 4 to 6 hours.
* On-boarded signal data is refreshed every 24 hours.

## Related Concepts

[Signals, Traits, and Segments](/help/using/reference/signal-trait-segment.md)