---
description: Use Global Data Sources to import device advertising IDs.
seo-description: Use Global Data Sources to import device advertising IDs.
seo-title: Global Data Sources
solution: Audience Manager
title: Global Data Sources
feature: Data Sources
---

# Global Data Sources {#global-data-sources}

## Overview

Global data sources are accessible by all Audience Manager customers and contain device advertising IDs generated by device manufacturers such as [!DNL Apple], [!DNL Samsung], [!DNL Microsoft], [!DNL Roku], and [!DNL Android] device manufacturers. These IDs are made available by manufacturers for advertising purposes. Audience Manager customers can use global data sources to synchronize device IDs and import or export data keyed off of those mappings.

The following table describes the global data sources supported by Audience Manager.

| Data Source ID | Description|
|---|---|
|  20914 | **Google Advertising ID** - **GAID**s represent devices that run the [!DNL Android] operating system.|
|  20915 | **Apple ID For Advertising** - **IDFA**s represent devices that run the [!DNL iOS] operating system. |
|  121963 | **Roku ID for Advertising** - **RIDA**s represent [!DNL Roku] streaming devices. |
| 389146  | **Microsoft Advertising ID** - **MAID**s represent devices running the [!DNL Windows 10] operating system. |
|  404660 | **Samsung DUID**s represent [!DNL Samsung] smart TVs. |
| 488258 | **Amazon Fire TV Advertising ID**s represent devices running [!DNL Amazon Fire OS]|

## Importing Data from Global Data Sources

You can import device IDs from global data sources through both [real-time data transfer](../integration/sending-audience-data/real-time-data-integration/real-time-data-transfer.md) and [batch data transfer](../integration/sending-audience-data/batch-data-transfer-explained/batch-data-transfer-explained.md).

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>When sending data to Audience Manager using a global device ID, make sure to use the corresponding data source for the device ID in question. Example: to import data for [!DNL Apple IDFA], use the data source ID 20915.

## Limitations

On devices running [!DNL iOS] and [!DNL Android] operating systems, only native applications can retrieve and use device advertising IDs ([!UICONTROL DAID]s). Web applications running in mobile browsers do not have access to device advertising IDs.

## Global Device ID Validation

Audience Manager validates the device advertising IDs ([!UICONTROL DAID]) imported by customers, based on their format, to ensure they match the standard format outlined by device manufacturers. See [Index of IDs in Audience Manager](../reference/ids-in-aam.md) for a detailed mapping of device advertising IDs to global data sources and the proper format for each ID. Make sure you are importing device IDs in the correct format, based on the device type. Audience Manager rejects device IDs that do not meet the proper format and returns an error message to indicate the ID was rejected.

* Error messaging for batch data transfers is outlined here: [Onboarding Status Report Terms and Definitions](../reporting/onboarding-status-report.md#report-terms-conditions).
* Error messaging for real-time data transfers is outlined here: [DCS Error Codes, Messages, and Examples](../api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-error-codes.md).

## Device ID Expiration Policy

Audience Manager automatically discards device advertising IDs after 120 days of inactivity, similar to [AAM UUID](../faq/faq-privacy.md)s.

## Requesting New Global Data Sources

To request new global data sources to be added to Audience Manager, contact Adobe Consulting or Adobe Customer Care and provide detailed information about the required data sources:

* The name of the requested platform (e.g., [!UICONTROL Apple IDFA]);
* The name of the company/organization that manages the platform (e.g., [!UICONTROL Apple Inc.]);
* Links to the technical specifications for the device advertising ID namespace (e.g., [AdSupport Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/adsupport)).