---
description: Conceptual information, descriptions, and definitions for DCS API code, methods, and processes.
seo-description: Conceptual information, descriptions, and definitions for DCS API code, methods, and processes in Adobe Audience Manager (AAM).
seo-title: DCS API Reference Overview in Adobe Audience Manager (AAM)
title: DCS API Reference Overview
---

# DCS API Reference Overview

Conceptual information, descriptions, and definitions for DCS API code, methods, and processes.

* [DCS API Methods](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-api-methods.md)

  Send data to the DCS API using GET or POST methods.

* [DCS Error Codes, Messages, and Examples](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-error-codes.md)

  Error codes and messages generated by the Data Collection Servers (DCS) listed in numeric order by code ID.

* [ID Monitoring and Blacklisting](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/id-monitoring-blacklisting.md)

  The DCS monitors the IDs it receives and blacklists those that are being sent at an unusually high rate over a short period of time.

* [DCS Region IDs, Locations, and Host Names](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-regions.md)

  The regional DCS server host name is required to make calls to the DCS. This is because the DCS stores information in data centers that are geographically close to site visitors. Your queries will work if you send them to the wrong DCS, but these calls are inefficient and can delay the response. To make a DCS request, match the region ID to its corresponding regional host name and form your query with the proper host name.

* [Formatting Key-Value Pairs in DCS Calls](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-key-format.md)

  When making a call, the DCS accepts key-value data in standard or serialized format. Review this section for information about how to format standard and serialized key-value data.

* [Race Conditions and Error Handling](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-race-conditions.md)

  Describes how to prevent race conditions and DCS error handling.

* [Supported Attributes for DCS API Calls](/help/using/api/dcs-intro/dcs-api-reference/dcs-keys.md)

  Lists and describes the syntax and supported attributes (or key-value pairs) you can pass in to the Data Collection Servers (DCS). This information can help you format your DCS requests and understand the parameters returned by this system.
